Update README.md (#152)
stelligent/config-lint: README.md

docker run --mount src="$(pwd)",target=/foobar,type=bind stelligent/config-lint -terraform /foobar/foo.tf
```

If wishing to test Kubernetes configuration, you will need to put the example Kubernetes rules into your local path and reference it accordingly, or you can have your own set of rules that you want to validate against.

For example:
```

> docker run -v $(pwd):/foobar stelligent/config-lint -rules /foobar/path/to/my/rules/kubernetes.yml /foobar/path/to/my/configs/configmap.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -v $(pwd):/foobar stelligent/config-lint -rules /foobar/path/to/my/rules/kubernetes.yml /foobar/path/to/my/configs
```

```

> If you don't have your own set of custom rules that you want to run against your Kubernetes file then feel free to copy or download the example set from `example-files/rules/kubernetes.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have your own set of custom rules that you want to run against your Kubernetes file then feel free to copy or download the example set from [example-files/rules/kubernetes.yml](example-files/rules/kubernetes.yml).
```

> If you don't have your own set of custom rules that you want to run against your Kubernetes file then feel free to copy or download the example set that is listed here within the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have your own set of custom rules that you want to run against your Kubernetes file then feel free to copy or download the example set from `example-files/rules/kubernetes.yml`.
```
